# Security features in Diceware Passphrase Creator
Diceware Passphrase Creator is designed with several features to protect the confidentiality of your passphrases while you create them. Some of these features require recent versions of modern web browsers.
- **Use it offline.** Diceware Passphrase Creator is a webpage file, but it's meant to be used offline like an application installed on your computer, rather than online on a website. This way, there's no chance of any website accidentally seeing your passphrase.
- **Autofill is disabled.** Form elements such as textboxes will forget anything entered into them, so others can't learn your passphrase by looking at the elements' histories.
- **Secure randomness.** Using dice to select words randomly ensures that the process is transparent and passphrases are completely unpredictable. If you don't have dice, and use the feature to have the computer generate pseudo-random dice rolls, it will prefer using the window.crypto.getRandomValues() method over the less safe Math.random() one as a source of randomness.
- **Strict Content Security Policy.** This policy header is set to block everything except inline scripts, stylesheets, and images. It keeps the program fully self-contained so no external content can be loaded.
- **Clear the passphrase when exiting.** When done making a passphrase, you should fully quit your browser. In case you forget to do this and instead continue browsing the web, the program will clear out the passphrase and dice roll numbers just before leaving the page. This prevents someone from clicking the browser's Back button and discovering your passphrase.
- **PGP signature.** If you use GnuPG or PGP, you can verify the file to confirm you have an authentic copy and that nobody has tampered with the code.